## Project: Cloud Sync

## Before we run:
1. Make sure MongoDB Database is installed and and running on `mongodb://localhost:27017`
2. Make sure port 3000, 3001, 3002, 3003 and 3004 are not being used as those will be used by our server and other microservices.
3. Make sure the machine/computer/device you are running this site on has GPS in it as we will need location of the user.
4. Make sure all the dependencies from `package.json` are installed.

## Running server and other microservices

1. run microservice `stripeCheckout.js` with command `npm run payments`, this will handle all the payment intents via Stripe.
2. run microservice `weather.js` with command `npm run weather` this will handle all the payment related calls, between user and the weather api.
3. run microservice `auth.js` with command `npm run auth`, this will handle all the authentication related calls for both email id and password login as well as google login.
4. run microservice `database.js`  with command `npm run database`, this will handle all the database operations.
5. At last, run the `app.js`  with command `npm run server`, this is the main server.

## How to open and use the website

1. Open and browser and type `localhost:3000` and hit enter.
2. For payments use the card number `4242 4242 4242 4242`, rest card details like expiry date and pincode can be any valid random nummber.
3. Make sure to enter URL as `localhost:3000` and not `127.0.0.1:3000` as this is an issue with Google Cloud Platform where it does not recognize 127.0.0.1 as a local address.

## 3rd-Party APIs used 

1. Stripe - Third party payment processor, used to process the payments.
2. Weather API - Get current weather and forcast for upto 2 days.
3. Google Places API - For suggestion on the search box where you search for a location to get its weather.
4. FireBase - Authenticating the users, which include email id and password login as well as Google Login.

## Database (MongoDB)

1. Database Name: ProjectShohaibMallick
2. Collections: users, tiles.
3. Collection `user`: Used to store users unique UID which is generated by firebase and users choice of unit  Celsius/Farenheit.
4. Collection `tiles`: Used to store users tiles data.